Wow look at that
Wow what a magnificent creature writes
out the sir this is an American
crocodile
isn't it wonderful still comparatively
young it's probably only about I guess
two years old but still you can see the
power that makes us such a formidable
predator look at those teeth
they actually overlap the jaw so that
can't actually completely shut its mouth
and hide its teeth you still see them
bristling from the mouth and those are
used almost like a trap for catching
fish and when it gets bigger
they'll also catch large mammals even
things as big as deer and every once in
a while big American Crocs have been
known to take people but at this size
well I don't think he's any danger to me
but absolutely glorious I would love to
put American crocodiles into the deli
sixty but to do that I think I'll have
to find something a little bit bigger
come on fella
they can certainly motor